1.check the current cloud infrastructure.
2. make sure that fornt end and back end are deployed and connected to each other.
3. check functionalites in the front end, is it working well with the back end, are apis and end points are correctly cofigured and connected?
4. github work flow deplyment is not wokring it have faild multiple times, the last time i recieved this error:

Deploy IG-Shop-Agent
ci: add Azure Static Web Apps workflow file #2
Jobs
Run details
Triggered via push 28 minutes ago
@Samer-IsSamer-Is
pushed
 a6c946c
main
Status
Failure
Total duration
1m 15s
Artifacts
–


Annotations
2 errors
docker-build
Username and password required
build-and-deploy-azure
Deployment Failed, Error: No credentials found. Add an Azure login action before this action. For more details refer https://github.com/azure/login

5. i do not want at all a local depolyment, everything must be in cloud only.
6. the end to end solution must be ready and fully functional without bugs and errors, and that is your resposibility.
7. i need this system to be ready to be sold to merchents asap
8.its really important to check the log in logic, instagram connect button it must work in order for the system to work and you know that.
9. no demo data, no mock data, real data with real api data and conections
10. github secrets AZURE_WEBAPP_PUBLISH_PROFILE, AZURE_STATIC_WEB_APPS_API_TOKEN, AZURE_CREDENTIALS are correctly configured
11. if you see ambigous files, structures or anything is not complying with instructions.txt and instructions_v2.txt delete it totally
12. do not at any circumistance use "&&" in the powershell terminal as it wont work
13. i need fully working web app, complete frontend functionality, well connected to back end. to be sold directly so do whatever it takes to make it work.
14.cloud archetecture is alraeady built, if you need to change it change it with code
15. any behaviour, code, built, task that is not compliant ti the instructions.txt and instructions_v2.txt will be penalyzed, however there will be huge reward upon completion and fully working web app. im the only one who is gonna tell that the web app is completely wokring. you do not assume.
16. reevaluate your decisions and steps everytime, see if you can do better
17. THE BACKEND IS DEPLOYED CORRECTLY AND THE HEALTH IS OKAY, FONRT END IS DEPLOYED BUT WE HAVE A PRESITENT PROBLEM WITH CONNECT TO INSTAGRAM BUTTON WHICH IS NOT WORKING YOU NEED TO DEEPLY INVISIGATE AND MAKE IT WORK
read the above carefully, build a plan and a check list and update once a task is done